hey everybody welcome back to northern
line plays a fighting - gasps REDD+
where we've had some zayn we've had some
gains we've had some good runs recently
this is fine it's actually like yet
another decent start speed is a little
on the low side but not horrible I mean
if I have 0.9 I'd be like is okay by at
0.8 am i all the universe hates me
BK w8 SPLC with four damage which is a
little bit above average 11 rate of fire
which is a little bit below average and
again 0.88 speeds so I think this is a
well within the bounds of averageness
start and it's got it's got all the
tools it needs to succeed here I think
just want to kill these enemies oh why
do you didn't kill the huh it didn't
kill the little one
I can see forever it's nice I'm just
worried like we started with personally
unknown a couple times in a row here at
least a couple times in the last three
and HP why's it leaves you in a bit of a
scary spot where you just don't know
that's pretty good though you just don't
know where you're where you're at
I got a pill I can see ever it's a
little deliberately bad version of a
hero by Chad Kroeger featuring Joey
Wales Jodie
Josey from saliva I forget his actual
name but anyway it's been a while I was
part of the hero generation you know we
we took that song to number one let's go
pyromaniac I ain't ever scared we might
still be at 1 hp so don't get like too
cocky here I don't even want to go to
the curse room just on the off chance it
could it could kill me like if we're
rolling exclusively spirit hard same
deal so I really think we probably can
afford to go to the spirit or the curse
room but it's better safe than sorry if
we started with like two spirit hearts
we might be in a wonky spot so should
have definitely played that instead of
blowing it up but we got a black heart
out of it regardless now I'll go to the
curse room but it is still mildly spicy
in here
not okay now it all worked out to the
best I wouldn't even buy a spirit heart
at this point because I you know there's
a chance that we're on spirit ours is
the chance that we got two or three red
hearts and we'd love the opportunity to
get a an arcade on our next floor so so
far so good I think I'd rather use the
Sun card right now just to destroy this
guy and take I can see forever down to
the next floor that's again like a lot
of spirit odds no stat improvements but
a lot of spirit hard so that floor ended
up being really nice for me we found
both secret rooms we got pyromaniac a
special item that is also incredibly
useful so like I'm on I'm a very happy
camper and our HP was not incredible but
wasn't that bad we got HP to play with
here we got a we got a bankroll and you
know it keeps getting better I do
appreciate the fact that we're getting
you know more and more spirit hearts
here but eventually we do have to
improve our stats can't just rely on you
know endless spirit our pickups to make
the dream work at the same time it's
very early we got a lot of time left
before we have to really concern
ourselves with how things are going here
and golden bombs like the best time to
get golden bombs is right now early on
when our damage isn't necessarily
amazing I don't really care about a
blood bank when we robbed one HP so
that's that's my reasoning for taking
for taking the eternal heart right off
the bat the other thing is that I took
flush over monstros tooth because
monstros tooth I hate that you can't
target the enemy you want to target I
don't know how you would do it in the
first place if you wanted to but
sometimes it lands on an enemy I don't
want it to land on and it could be a
little annoying in that sense of the
word but flush on the other hand hits
everything it doesn't do very much
damage but and it takes forever to
charge but I think it has the chance to
be like more commonly useful
no mine oh we can't take that we got
fully charged I thought I heard no
secret rooms in here alright so we're
gonna be out of this floor in no time
flat but we still have not really
again the it's very nice but I would
like to at some point if possible you
think it would be in the cards for us to
improve our stance a little bit
anyway I just want to see what our deal
with the devil entails for us here and
then we'll probably like hope the
world's our oyster we're actually going
to take blank card here no doubt we're
probably going to buy the other card as
well yeah yeah it's pretty good you know
like maybe like the best in the game so
that's pretty solid blank card Joker is
teleportation guaranteed deals with the
devil we might actually you know what
let's see what we get in our deal with
the devil but I kind of want to try to
make deals with the angel work I want to
at least give it an attempt to make
deals the angel work the way that we
would do that don't you dare disappear
on me the way that we would do that is
let's go let's go ignoring this deal
with the devil or going in and seeing
what there is and then leaving I love
succubus as an item but I'm gonna I'm
going to make this sacrifice to you the
people we might just get another deal
with the devil immediately and that
would make me a very sad sad camper here
the opposite of a happy camper is the
phrase you don't hear that much because
everyone's so happy when they camp we
got a deal with the angel okay so we
should take void and suck up everything
else but it sucks that we can only take
one item
so now we have once every six rooms
Joker card that also can template other
items so I think it's pretty sensible I
should have fought the angel statue for
higher angel chance but you know hey I
think it's the first time we've seen a
three choice angel room we have put
ourselves I wouldn't say in a tight spot
because first off that's open all sorts
of double entendre but I would say that
we've we've done the opposite of what
you would normally expect as a sensible
idea when your damage is bad and that's
we basically said no to something that
deals a lot of damage and improves our
damage when we stand close to it at
least which will succubus of course so
we've we've instead gone for the novelty
of the angel deals and there's plenty of
angel deals that can help us accomplish
our objectives but there's also plenty
of angel deals that are garbage so we'll
have to of the hope for the best dude
there's no reason to feel guilty about
going off on this donation machine we
took it from basically zero to 999
tarot-card is actually a lovely item it
doesn't particularly do much for us with
respect to with respect to the Joker
card but that's also completely fine and
whatever we got so many bombs here for
the early game we might as well take a
chance I don't think I'm drowsy applies
outside of this room but that's also
completely okay I would replace the
Joker card but it would require require
getting something worth replacing it for
like obviously the hanged man once every
six rooms is not really what I'm
interested in as much as I would love
the ability to fly once every six rooms
having the ability to fly is like almost
worse than the Bible because it takes up
the the space bar item slot and the
tarot card slot which we can only hold
one thing in right now I'll take sack of
pennies that's fine definitely do not
teleport out of this through
or you will die so Plan C everybody's
favorite item that they've used
effectively a maximum of one time in
their entire lives okay it's fine we
needed the key honestly it's a so high
cost of paper we needed a key wasn't
intentional I'm not trying to pass it
off as if it were but this is where I'm
like okay we've been pussyfooting around
long enough
give us a tears or damage upgrade just
magic mush I've kind of got Isaac
highway blindness we had magic mush on
the last run we had prompt ptosis on our
last two runs
we did have Lieber on our last run but
we also had brimstone you know that's it
was an unfulfilled llibre to a certain
extent but the brimstone you know it
certainly helps so we get your Big Horn
the bigger the cushion the sweeter the
pushin that's what I said a spinal tap
it's not me and spinal tap satire
now please the window I don't know why I
said it like that they win do when you
can actually fit a bomb into his open
mouth is approximately like negative 0.2
seconds long it's not conceivable to to
hit little horn with the bomb I mean
I've done it every time I've done it has
been an accident please don't shoot your
stuff I mean he's going to shoot his
stuff at me not like that you sickos
okay
it's just it's lion law you know if
you're if you've got bad damage you're
going to be fighting a Bighorn on the
third floor it's just science it's
programmed into the game please please
please please leave us it was done a
dust of you so there's our angel deal
again but I can't fight the angel statue
right now so which is fine it's fine
we're just uh skirting around here I
think the smart plays you do play this
you know try to get something from your
shop with the money and blood bag would
also be fine IV bag we could suck up but
probably would not want to a dimes very
nice you could say it's top of the line
so now we've got to deal with the devil
precedent and honestly I don't feel bad
I gave a deal with the angel a chance to
pop off I still think that and I
recognize this is going to be like a why
aren't you nerds ever happy sort of
moment for the developers maybe if
they'd argue in paying attention to this
which at some point you got to
understand you know people have human
limits to their time demanding like an
hour through a day to watch this is a
little ridiculous but I feel like as
soon as you take an item from a deal
with the angel you should have angel
precedent the same way you have devil
precedent it's a the devil deals are
still in my opinion largely better at
least more transformative with single
items like brimstone mom's name change
the game succubus Incubus often times
change the game etc etc I'm insured you
know there's God and Sacred Heart and
stuff like that but devil deals feel
more consistent why does it still feel
like you have to move heaven and earth
to get a single angel deal to show up
and then when you get the angel deal to
show up by which point you've already
paid the cost of not taking your first
deal with the devil you just get reset
back to zero and it's like okay well if
you if you fight a boss that costs you a
consumable that could be precious and is
also like the boss himself is not that
easy to kill
especially so fast in this tiny room
then you get like a 20% better chance oh
thank you like why not just give the
same precedent that you give for deals
with the devil I don't understand the
run right now I mean I'm not bitter it's
no big I'm just telling it like it is no
hunger games no thanks I'm still full
I'm feeling the pain on this run though
like I'm just very much would like to be
able to kill enemies a little bit faster
and I am a whiny baby about damage
sometimes part of that is just cuz I
played so much Isaac that I'm like I
don't want to have slightly above
average damage I want to be the wrecking
crew but it's I mean I don't feel like I
need to tell you this this is not good
damage he's like are you kidding me we
got four damage and 11 rate of fire we
had four damage and 11 rate of fire on
the first room of the game we're on the
catacombs two we got four damage 11 rate
of fire it's not all bad we got
pyromaniac
you got a guppy chance we got void with
blank cards sucked up I'm leaving The
Joker card that's how like concerned I
am I'm like well I choke a card very
tempting don't get me wrong however I
had 99 bombs I could kill every enemy
with bombs all you need to do is get to
99 once and then you're never going to
slip under it once every six rooms you
get another you know 50 as long as you
stay over 49 but this is like on a
statistical level this will not stand
battery charges please oh thank god so
first you take the bombs then you double
them then you double them again now
we're at 8 here's where we get started
we roll machine oh no reroll machine and
the real bummer here is no no battery
charge to purchase to begin with
but a reroll machine and batteries would
have been like 10 out of 10 now the real
problem here is the temptation to use
bombs that'll just slow down our
doubling that much more so I mean we're
unlikely to improve that much on this
floor I'm sad to say of course we have
the boss fight maybe the the ideal for
us would be like a boss fight against
the fallen and then picking up copies
head and sucking it up would be not that
bad nine lives also very useful I would
like to open that but I don't think we
can justify it right now I don't think
this run is fragile right now I want
that to be clear I think this run is
pretty resilient but it's it's
definitely not there yet a room like
this really like for me exemplifies the
situation that I just don't understand
what I'm supposed to do like the enemies
and then this is a problem that Isaac
has that is like it takes it from a 10
to like an actual 9.95 once every few
runs there just doesn't exist the the
pace to get through rooms that are this
difficult without getting hit I don't
it's potentially conceivable I think you
know it is not beyond reason to suggest
that there is a way you could get
through that room without getting hit
but could you reliably get through that
room without getting hit I don't know I
I still see people who do very well on
dailies complaining about room
archetypes and I think that that's fair
but you know it's an enviable problem to
have to figure out how to balance a game
that most of the time people probably
feel is a little too gama below it's a
little too easy and
you know then you throw in a hard room
and people go all I can't even dodge
this one without getting hit the virus
we have a recurring theme basically on
this run and that is that we continue to
get these items that have great
potential you know we just haven't taken
them to their highest possible pinnacle
of greatness I suppose you know we could
get spun and that would be HUGE if we
don't get spun there's essentially
almost no reason for us to be there I am
going to do this and I know I should be
doubling but I'm also saving the chance
for an imprint which is what just
happened thankfully so we do this and
then we get cubbies head and you know
once every 6 rooms getting three flies
means basically nothing but it's getting
us closer the good news is no matter how
bad things get and we're losing a lot of
HP and if we spend like five minutes on
this floor that's all you need to know
maybe I'm playing badly and not dodging
as well as I should but any time like
the third or fourth floor takes you five
minutes you know you're in a weird spot
with great potential but a weird spot
nonetheless no matter what we can use to
a clubs to get bombs to heal ourselves
and now I honestly think that the right
play is to go up to 46 bombs and then go
back for the Joker card now that we got
to guppy items I know I move away from
the bombs but maybe that's why now that
we have two guppy items it seems fairly
sensible dude oh food okay is almost
death but that's fine now that we have
46 bombs which oh sorry eighty-three
bombs cousin taro cloth we actually got
299 I think close we might as well just
grab the Joker card and try to make the
guppy dream come true I am actually an
idiot this is where we stop in an idiot
okay since oil thank you it's a damage
upgrade holy crap
I did that because we heal up quickly
and seemed worth it okay
so you've had your floor of tilts you
can have it all my Empire of tilts I'm
just looking
we finally we got two-thirds of Gumpy we
got two-thirds of spun there's our Joker
card just give me one of these to finish
it off I'm being a baby like whenever
damaged yet but we have actually barely
improved our damage made our speed
enough of a good deal worse to be
terrible rate of fire is exactly the
same you know we need something
transformative at this point we put in
the the time I don't even want to point
out how that first shot actually went
right through that enemy oh he's a ghost
but you've got a disabled his ghost
generator - no just no okay I actually
didn't expect that to be the secret room
so as far as I'm concerned I got pretty
lucky there we cannot fly these could
give us a spirit hearts which are quite
important right now the luck upgrade is
nothing to sneeze at either forgive me
now I do believe that if you suck up a
forget-me-now it's lost our sight like
you use it every time you press the
spacebar which is actually great on the
chest or it seems like it would be but
you also never make any progress so and
we'll never be able to use the Joker
card again so all I ask for game I'm
willing to Zayn I'll say in with the
best of them look who we got our Zayn's
on now that was not a good idea on my
part
it's not the most obvious thing in the
world but I need you to give me the
tools to say no because I can't give up
the the Joker dream right now you're
asking me to do something I cannot do I
cannot oblige there have been good plays
on this run as well I just want to make
that clear the like milking the Christ
out of two of bombs was a two of bombs
milking the Christ out of two of clubs
was a good play and now we like I mean
it's scary we're gonna the chance to
respond but if we get hit once we'll die
so the smart play is not to do this but
come on how can you not real problem
though 0.78 speed being able to fly
helps out but this is in a way it's
almost like my punishment for taking
guppy I feel like you can't just take it
like a guppy in a vacuum you've always
got to offer something to the the rng
god so putting myself on half a spear at
heart as a result so I think basically
if we find a if we find a spear at heart
or a black heart we'll probably get
enough pace to win the run
I think basically that spirit art gives
us the win and it's a little bit of a
broad stroke admittedly but and got a
broad strength baby and I'll win the
game okay we don't need to check that
but we will check that we're only on
necropolis one of all oh my god if we
had fought this guy on half a spirit
heart we're dusted there's no question
in my mind no there's not an important
enough conversation for Skype right now
it's a dire moment thank you for the HP
thank you for the HP ain't working
scared to take the devil you're gonna
take the go ahead get some boo boo boo
okay I'm closing this window as the
Skype window I closed it wasn't the
Isaac window that I closed that be a
little brazen one and a half spirit arts
is so much nicer than one gallery and by
guppy I mean ghost baby
I know we're on one it wasn't a misspeak
really a miss speaking you haven't seen
our item room yet you know what we
should just get out then take your item
room one and a half means that there's
only one enemy in the game that can kill
you in one hit so and then that dude
only shows up like once every 30 runs or
something apparently dude we're starting
it's all coming together I don't even
know what happens if we suck up
forget-me-now the present here's the
here's the reason I'm not going to suck
up forgive me now first off is it Zayn
yeah but I've done it the other reason
is it puts you in a limitless Zayn and
that's dangerous you guys ever see
ant-man it's like going to many shrinks
and ant-man it puts you in like the
subatomic realm we can't just like go to
an item room forget-me-now go to an item
room forget-me-now it it becomes so zany
it actually strips the world of all
meaning it's only a Zayn if it goes
against like the norm is that going
against the norm if it becomes so common
I know it seems like I'm making up a lot
of excuses not to do this but the other
one is just that like I don't like the
the infinite loop it's different on the
when we used to do undefined Luke's on
the chest the reason is very simple it
was close I said so no that's the reason
is very different is because there is a
chance that you wouldn't get the
undefined loop so eventually it was like
self-limiting but these are not these go
on forever and as a result you know as
aim with no limit is not sane this is a
good situation by the way we don't I
mean we could get dull razor but it
doesn't matter for us deep pockets is
pretty good you should keep buying this
beer at ours is what I mean okay so Jar
flies I don't know if it works
I believe trinkets melter works so we
should smelt it all right that's going
to obviously spit us out back there but
I mean it's not like it cost us anything
Jarrah flies I just don't think it works
now if I could just stack up infinity
spirit
I'd be a happy camper or some spirit
arts is also fine okay
where the heck was our shop relative to
the boss room good save nobody noticed
the miss speaking there thirty four keys
that to his fades from like zero keys
really worked out well for us I thought
it was here curse of the lost man is so
annoying especially when you tella for
it I mean that one's on me
we must have come this way and then
maybe it was often there was like this
room I chose not to do I'm not taking
forget me now a lot of like very minor
design foibles coming to the service of
the Cizek run right now this is not fun
maybe not everything in every game
should be designed to be fun but this is
like this is hell I don't mind like
we're going to live we basically got
absurdly strong on this floor
drastically improves you know the way
this run looks for us from an optics
standpoint but like the thing is like I
know we didn't go this way because we
had to walk back to get the Joker card
from our boss fight so I just I just
don't know where he went
I'm begging you and we still got one
more floor to go like please have mercy
did we come this way like I thought
maybe I skipped that room that's where
am i teleported out of okay so worth for
the life of man I don't know how we did
it but we're out of here okay move on
did bad stranger it's been banned cuz of
the loss don't do that like to know
where I have the
and have some fun and make some friends
goodbye Zoo is not to me when you might
as well deal crack on it he rocked ice
wall come on a little too little too
late on that right uh what do we need
now to make this run because it's good
what do we do to make it better speed
dude 0.78 speed is not becoming of a run
that's in maturity like this this is
like what's my age again sort of
situation except it's what's my speed
again nobody likes it when you've got
bad speed and you still shoot like
you're on basement one what the heck is
a TD whoa wait let's read again what the
heck is ramming speed my friends saying
I don't act my speed
what's my speed again room what's my
speed again
not bad for like completely off the cuff
I was the kid who when I grew up thought
freestyle rap was actually all
constructed at the time that it was
wrapped I you know to this day it was
like a professional wrestling is staged
sort of realization for me that you just
write the beats or you sorry you write
the lyrics at home and then just find a
way to apply them to you know a beat at
runtime basically I'm still that's
that's the ideal for me is you just
constructing in your head stop this
please okay item room that's a speed
downgrade got so mind flutter you turn
me into Jerry Seinfeld temporarily
I don't quite think this is the worst
guppy run we've had you know this year
but it's got to be in the conversation
seven damaged admittedly has changed the
game like and our consumables are in a
lovely spot we definitely want to go to
the shop I don't think there's been a
run and some of this is obviously like
me being in any of it I don't think
there's been a run recently where I've
had to rely as much on on blue fires and
spirit hearts and you know skulls and
stuff like that to give me any sort of
like a reasonable chance of victory now
we're past that we shouldn't need that
and if we do it's embarrassing but this
is like you know winning a million
dollars and then but you do I don't know
like this the metaphor fell apart what a
metaphor will eventually be a memory of
a time when I tried so hard to get you
to relate to what I was about to say but
I was like lies it's like in a million
dollars but then immediately getting
stuck in a time travel device and you
know then you travelled with time when a
million dollars isn't worth nearly as
much money like you know not it's not
sensible we could suck up and trick you
the razor you wait a minute hey your
moron NL why aren't you sucking up bad
passes and using them as statistical
improvements I mean that was actually a
good rate of fire improvement how many
opportunities have I had to suck up an
item that stinks and I have chosen not
to that's actually infinity percent my
bad yeah yeah that's pretty stupid all
right but you know at least you figured
it out before the run was totally over
it's always better to have that and then
like people go when's he going to notice
he can use void and then edit oh that he
finally did it still what an idiot than
it is to just get a bunch of tweets
after the fact and be like you know you
can use void did we roll bad passes yes
right
stead temporary brain fart I guess
so rate of fire is improved don't be mad
at me for telling the truth seven
damaged its lading the games not that
good the flies are going to carry but
seven damaged insulating the game is not
like the be-all-end-all we're still
going to use blank card Joker because
it's amazing and we've really relied on
that for the whole run pretty much so
the more the merrier dude I am so in for
lump of coal which we did not get but
yet okay sure
I'll suck up Krampus head we're going to
teleport at the present moment we
teleport every time we use we use void
because both of our cards are teleport
cards but eventually we may be able to
use this as Krampus instead if we desire
now I hope we could get something a
little stronger than just Krampus head
once every six rooms because I don't
know about you but I got a sneaking
suspicion that there's an easier way to
get the effect of Krampus head once
every six rooms then sucking up Krampus
has had with void and then getting rid
of all your teleport cards just like
there's got to be an item in the game
that fits the bill there just slip on my
mind right now see the item is Krampus
is head that's the joke there but if we
if we ever get rid of the teleport cards
which we should on the chest because
it's not like we're ever going to need
to go to the deal with the devil twice
on the chest in all likelihood probably
should have suck that up as a passive
but now we can suck up this as a passive
instead oh dude I'm just being honest
with you it feels so good to go fast
right now
now I figured we'd suck that up because
I don't care about having a cube of meat
we never really should get close to an
enemy at this point in our lives I think
there is a dice room and a curse with
the blind dice rooms are almost always
at this stage of the game especially if
it looks like a super win dice rooms are
almost always a bad idea which is why
we're going to go look
this might be the rare you know reroll a
one run into a better one run sort of
situation because we're like we're
waiting on bank approval to get one run
status this isn't like we're walking in
and we're like I'm going to knock them
out with my pitch this is like I hope
they let me live my dream of winning on
this run it's still a slightly
borderline doesn't matter okay let's see
we're going to take it duality dude I
mean there's nothing that more
exemplifies the way that this run has
gone then getting duality on our last
deal with the devil
our last guaranteed deal is that we
can't even use duality with the goat
head so at this stage of the game I will
say no matter how bad things are in
Isaac they can get worse sometimes so
should really and I'm disappointed we
didn't get the reroll because I would
have liked to just to see where it goes
where it could have gone rather but in
this in this particular situation maybe
it's for the best
it is unfathomable to be to me I should
say that we have 0.78 speed this late in
the game I didn't anything we lived in a
world where God was that cruel that
apparently I was mistaken
just kill mom it should happen for Kim
mom's hardships I should have him
relatively quickly we're not going to
make it to hush we did delirium on our
last fight so like I feel like we got
some stored goodwill there maybe it's to
ago but anyway I feel like we've got
some stored goodwill there I just beg
you for something a little little better
of course we've already seen that but
okay okay okay we're at the home stretch
and again it's almost impossible to lose
I just wishing for something a little
bit more exceptional as good as I mean
we have Pali Pali sorry I'm a pyromaniac
we've had it for 55 minutes here and
it's never really at least outside of
guaranteed survival and the early game
never really didn't anything for us
because we haven't gotten much HP either
and the HP that we have gotten
admittedly we've traded immediately away
so I mean I got to take some ownership
for that this is just bad I don't want
to be this bitter I'm not really bitter
it's not like I'm like I'm never gonna
please him again but come on it's a bad
business decision but nothing there um
it's like we've gotten them the most
I roll were the items and we did become
Guffey but apart from that we've gotten
like the most I roll were the items okay
something with the devil every single
floor but none of them have provided
literally any damage ups how do you get
six deals with a devil with no damage
ups all the damage ups we have come from
other sources and there's been two of
them over the course of you know 12
floors one of them was pretty good I'm
not I'm not mad but it's just it's just
a surprise I mean Isaac keeps finding
new ways to surprise he I guess is the
way that I'm trying to get this point
across here
either way I will say there's a chance
that nine lives might be the right way
to go basically trading 3 spirit odds
for one red heart and then multiplying
our lives by nine you can't look at it
on a strictly mathematical level but
there is a chance that that's the right
way to go especially if we do end up
taking a deal with the devil on the next
floor dead onion is pretty good will
chubby is it okay at best we're going to
go this whole run without speed upgrade
it's mostly just incredibly health up
okay
actually a health up is pretty good so
what I will do is look for a half red
heart and then teleport also good don't
forget you can use void to suck up the
bad items so that passes that's what we
want can be a conception at least
enables permanent polaroid invincibility
and gives us a potential side benefit
that's that's an item i can't complain
about it is way too late to be likely to
use to like pay out for us but you know
you know when when you got a at some
point you got to stop complaining we got
a good item is too late to make it work
but it's you know it's not like they
just gave us crap so these are totally
avoidable items here I'm committed to
you know the attempt to give us one
speed upgrade at some point on this run
it's a big help I'll get another bad
trick so just in case one potentially
run ruining pill wasn't enough for you
let's add in a second one just for sport
I don't know that's probably where we
should use perks to be honest with you
in fact we should be using perks on any
room in which it seems like we could
conceivably be hit at all because with
our trinket which was like endless
nameless there is a a chance to just get
it back right after you use it so okay
so we're going to suck up GB bug that
has given us another tiers upgrade I
think all of our stat improvements have
been tiers in shot speed which is not
bad that's actually if you can choose
that you know it gives you a tiers
upgrade every time you probably would of
course wouldn't mind getting some speed
either a tough-love grade item
absolutely nothing wrong with that
especially with five luck rosary
basically gives us the win if we weren't
guaranteed it already and we'll carry
this one through - it's like logical
conclusion that's another luck upgrade
but man what is what a strange run as we
come around the horn here it's just like
not great it's got the shell of
something great it's like a Terry's
chocolate orange that is masking toxic
waste inside of it or some flies a
kinder egg full of broken glass I'm out
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed the
episode if you think like a like button
I'll set a great deal of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time